[music playing]
DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC & CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[ominous music playing]
[moaning] Ah!
Where are we?
KAZARINA: Well Coredem, this is my research lab,
but I prefer to think of it as home.
Kazarina!
[grunting]
There's no point in struggling.
I can assure you those restraints will hold even you.
You better hope so because you're toast if I get out.
[grunting]
[evil laugh]
Ah!
Jake!
[moaning] Ahhh!
[music playing]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Jake Returns.\"
Forget it!
You're not gonna talk me out of it, Fabia.
Dan, you can't go to Gundalia on your own.
She's right.
It's way too dangerous.
I can't just leave Jake, OK.
That fight was my fault. My fault.
Yeah, when?
Real soon.
- Right. - Jake!
JAKE: [moans]
Wake up!
Oh!
Jake!
Don't touch him!
You'll be pulled along with him.
I have to rescue my friend.
We all want him back but--
But nothing!
I'm through talking about this.
Uh--
What?
How do you plan on getting to Gundalia?
Uh, well, I guess I'll, uh--
This isn't some kid's birthday party, Dan.
Gundalia is highly guarded.
You need a solid plan.
Not to mention, a solid team.
Fine then.
Let's go.
OK.
[footsteps]
Huh?
Is that Jake?
What?
It's him!
Hey, you guys.
Did you miss me?
[moans]
Jake!
Buddy! Come on.
Talk to me.
You didn't really think those weasels could, could keep
me locked up, did you, Dan?
[moans in pain]
Oh, Jake!
Come on, Jake.
Wake up.
You gotta wake up.
Come on.
[music playing]
Dude, Jake must have kicked a ton of butt
to get out of whatever pit they had him shoved in.
Yeah, it's pretty amazing.
You might say unbelievable.
Huh?
Think about it.
Escaping from behind Gundalian lines without any backup,
would be next to impossible.
I hear what you're saying, but he obviously figured out a way.
Unless they sent an impostor in his place.
Are you serious?
That's crazy talk, man.
Sure he might be a little messed up,
but that's the real Jake down there.
Got it.
Calm down, Dan.
[ominous music]
Hey, you guys.
You're awake.
Where am I?
Just relax, Jake.
You're in the infirmary inside Neathia Castle.
Luckily your injuries weren't as bad as they looked.
Must be all the practice you've had taking
hits on the football field.
Huh?
Oh.
Tell us how you escaped, dude.
Did you just start swinging?
Yeah, just like that other time.
Other time?
Huh?
Yeah, sure.
You remember, don't you?
When we were fighting to restart the second shield,
you used strength to push your way
into the generator building.
But Shun, he--
Huh?
What are you talking about, dude?
Me and Maruch were on guard decoy duty that time.
You and Dan the man were the ones who charged
into the generator building.
Huh?
[nervous giggle] Don't worry.
Shun's just a bit confused.
If you didn't know any better you'd
think he was the one who got bonked on the head.
Did I miss something?
Nothing at all.
Right?
Right.
Now if only Coredem would regain consciousness,
then everything would be OK.
What?
You mean he's still out cold?
Yes.
He hasn't stirred at all, but we're
keeping a close eye on him.
The poor little dude.
We saw some pretty gnarly action when we fought our way out.
I know it was intense, but you gotta
tell us how you made it out.
It could help us find a weakness in their defenses.
Well, the truth is, after Kazarina took me down
in battle everything is a blur.
It's OK.
Huh?
I was so dumb.
Come on, Jake.
Don't worry.
This is just a lesson to remind us we need to stick together.
Thanks, dude.
Ha.
Usually I'm the one that's crying.
Nothing wrong with a little crying now again.
It just means were deep and soulful dudes.
Know what I mean?
But I thought you were a cool and relaxed dude.
That's right I am, but I'm deep in soul too.
Who says I can't be both?
[laughter]
Hmm.
[music playing]
The current cease fire with Gundalia won't last for long.
If they come at us again like they did the last time,
I'm not sure our forces will be able to hold them off.
I agree with you.
Perhaps it's time to change our strategy
and shift our focus from defense to offense.
[electronic chime]
We should attack Gundalia.
They won't be expecting it.
We need to probe Jake for info.
But he's not ready yet.
Hey, what are you guys talking about?
[upbeat music]
Jake, you're up.
Are you sure you should be walking around so soon?
Dude, I'm ready to rock.
Just needed a power nap.
Now I'm good to go.
Why do you guys have Gundalia up on the screen?
Are you expecting them to attack again soon?
I thought we were supposed to be safe behind the third shield.
Yeah, but it won't hold forever.
Why not?
We just need to make some adjustments to the settings.
What do you mean, Jake?
I know a way we can add another level of security
to the third shield that will guarantee
the Gundalians never get in.
The third shield is fine, Jake.
[electronic chime]
As long as we have the DNA barrier,
then there's absolutely no way the Gundalians can get to us.
Yeah.
OK, dude.
But if you change your mind.
I always thought Jake was just the muscle of the group.
Who knew he also had mad technical skills.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Yeah, who knew is right.
Something's weird here.
JAKE: What's wrong?
[ominous music]
[footsteps and heavy breathing]
Hold up!
I need to talk to you.
Huh?
[tense music playing]
[knocking sound] - Huh?
Who's there?
[grunts]
KAZARINA: [evil laugh] Jake should
be in position any second now.
Unless, of course, the Brawlers
have figured out by now that he's been brainwashed by us.
There's a reason I left most of his memories intact.
Subconsciously, he's still the same old Jake who would hold up
to the closest scrutiny.
You're sure?
Trust me.
Even if the Brawlers do manage to figure it out,
Jake will have already programmed
the virus into the third shield security system.
They'll be helpless to stop us.
[mechanical door]
Hello, Mr. Shield Control.
KAZARINA (VOICEOVER): The third shield and its DNA barrier
are the only things standing in the way
of our conquest of Neathia.
You must destroy them.
[evil laugh] Time to blow the little house down.
[alarm sounds]
Huh?
What the?
[battle music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): We've gotta protect the shield, Drago.
JAKE (VOICEOVER): I can't fail Mistress Kazarina.
[intense music]
Huh?
Where am I?
DRAGO: Who am I is the question.
Huh, Jake.
I never thought you'd betray us.
What did those guys do that made you turn?
What are you talking about, Dan?
I was just taking a walk in the castle
and somehow I wound up in this place.
We both know that's not true, pal.
What?
Huh?
We know you were trying to destroy the shield.
You walked straight into the trap we set.
[gasp]
DAN (VOICEOVER): I asked Commander Elright
to secretly rig a dimension transporter portal
in the shield control room.
I knew that there was something up with you
when you started talking tech about the shield.
What's your problem, Dan the man?
I could be smart too.
Just because I have an idea of how to protect ourselves,
suddenly I'm one of the bad guys?
The fact that you're here proves you are, pal.
Uh?
You're not the Jake I know.
Since you got back you haven't shown one bit of concern
about your injured partner, Coredem.
So you can just quit pretending, OK!
[giggles] Well Dan, you're way smarter than Mistress
Kazarina gave you credit for.
Even so, I can't believe that I used to look up to you
like some kind of big brother.
What a joke.
You keep talking like that, and I'm going to school you
like a big brother would.
You don't scare me, Dan.
I'm not your stupid sidekick.
You're about to learn the hard way.
Right Coredem?
He's awake?
[growling]
What's wrong with him?
Mistress Kazarina transformed him too.
Now he's the ultimate fighting machine
he was always meant to be.
So watch out.
[growling]
He's like an animal.
She's poisoned both of them.
No one does that to our friends, no one!
So what are you gonna do about it?
Game card set.
[battle music]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
Rise Subterra Coredem!
Let's snap these guys out of their funk.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
Let's go Pyrus Lumino Dragonoid!
[roars]
Ability activate!
Rippling Stream.
[growls]
Coredem, it's me!
Ahh!
[moans]
Ability activate!
Core Knuckle.
[lasers]
[grunts] Snap out of it.
This is gonna be tough.
Ability activate!
Cross Fire!
[roars]
Ability activate.
Dimension Vortex.
[growls]
He just absorbed our attack.
Yeah, that's right.
Cause Mistress Kazarina programmed all your strategies
right inside here.
Then you should recognize this one.
Ability activate!
Lumino Hammer.
[grunts] Coredem, I know you're in there.
You have to fight this.
[growls]
You're wasting your breath.
Ability activate!
Armored Exia.
[grunting]
He absorbs some of my energy with each attack.
You better get used to it.
Game card open!
Subterra Battle Audience!
The battleground is Subterra now?
He disappeared!
Dan!
[growl]
Ahh!
[growling]
[growl]
Ahh!
Drago!
So who's the man now, Dan?
[maniacal laugh]
You haven't won this yet, pal.
Ability activate!
Lumino Reflector!
[grunts]
We got him!
[crash]
Grr.
You nullified my game card, huh?
COMPUTER: Ready Explosix.
Battle gear boost!
[transformer sounds]
Battle gear ability activate!
Explosix Neo!
Engage!
[groans] Ahh!
Huh?
This might take longer than I thought.
Did that help clear your head?
Well did it, Jake?
Game card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
I won't give up on you, Coredem!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
[roars]
I don't know about you, but I'm getting really bored.
Let's mix it up a bit with this!
Advanced fusion ability, activate!
Ahh!
What's happening to him?
What did you do, Jake?
Just one of the many new tricks
Mistress Kazarina taught me during all of our time
together.
KAZARINA (VOICEOVER): Advanced fusion ability.
It's a dream ability card that doubles,
and in some case triples, the power of all your ability.
You should be aware, however, that it puts your Bakugan
into a waking nightmare state and pushes
their body close to its limits.
Sounds like a blast.
Let's go.
Ability activate!
Phantom Blow!
[grunting]
[grunts] Ahh!
Check this!
Ability activate!
Crush Arrow!
[laser]
Ability activate!
Blaze Reflector!
Uh-uh.
Power attacks pack way too big of a bunch
for you to nullify them.
[groaning] Ahh!
[moaning]
Oh yeah, and it's only gonna get worse, baby.
Get ready to feel the hurt, cause it's coming your way.
[exhausted moaning]
[electrical sounds]
Drago!
Coredem!
This just isn't right.
Game card open!
Power Flatter!
[grunting]
Hey, you brought both their power levels down
so they're even again.
Not bad buddy, but still not good enough to win.
Ability activate!
Counter Exia!
Haa!
He's too powerful!
We're not done yet.
Keep going, Coredem!
Hit them with everything you've got.
[fire blast]
[grunts] Ahh!
Ahh!
[grunts]
DAN: Drago!
[growls]
[moans] Ah!
Adios, Drago.
Bakugan brawl.
Ha!
Bakugan scan.
Shun!
Hawktor!
[fire blast]
Ability activate!
Ninja defence, Wild Wind Dance!
[wind swirling]
[explosion]
Hold on, Drago!
Hawktor.
It's too late.
No one can help you.
[grunts]
Hey, buddy.
Sorry I doubted you before.
No time for apologies.
If we can't nullify his ability, we'll
have to find something more powerful to take Coredem down.
[growls]
[grunting]
Grr.
Umm.
Hang on.
COMPUTER: Ready Swayther.
Ready Explosix.
Battle gear boost!
[transformer sounds]
Big deal.
I'll still take both of you down!
[laser sounds]
[grunting]
[grunting] Where is he getting all of this energy from?
Whoa!
Battle gear ability activate.
Swayther Gekkou.
Open wide!
Dan!
Battle gear ability activate!
Explosix Steel!
[growls]
Wake up, Jake!
Wake up, Coredem!
[explosion]
Ahh!
[grunts]
Jake!
Are you OK?
Oh!
Why did you stop fighting, big guy?
Cause we're friends?
When you show that kind of weakness, you lose!
Are you serious?
Check it out!
Kazarina's ship.
What a disappointing loss.
However, Jake will prove to be a useful soldier
to have in the stable.
[transporter beam]
Ah!
Wait!
Jake!
[grunting]
Next time we see each other, remember
what I said about showing weakness because I
won't be showing you any.
[ship blasts]
Ah, Jake.
[moans] You gotta come back to us.
Jake!
[action music]
I can't believe we lost Jake again to the Gundalians.
We gotta go to Gundalia to get them back.
I know the others will try to talk us out of it,
so Drago and I are just going to go on our own.
I think I've figured out a way to do it using my BakuMeter.
Hold on a sec.
Where the heck are we?
What is this place?
Isn't that Dragonoid Colossus?
What's he doing here?
Oh man, looks like we're gonna have to fight
him to make it to Gundalia.
This must be some kind of test.
I think you should tune in to see if I pass.
Bakugan brawl!
We can do this, buddy.
Let's rock!
[theme music]